fix broken link to intro (#93)
CosmWasm/cosmwasm-examples: nameservice/README.md

Once you have your custom repo, you should check out [Developing](./Developing.md) to explain
more on how to run tests and develop code. Or go through the

> [online tutorial](https://www.cosmwasm.com/docs/getting-started/intro.html) to get a better feel

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[online tutorial](https://docs.cosmwasm.com/introduction/intro.html) to get a better feel
```
